README.md, before:

I have completely revamped my older Vim configuration and hence I had to do a forced
push. If you were using previous repository, you may wish to have look at this
newer one. I will briefly list the changes here.

Changes
-------
* `.git` tree structure was disrupted because of my experiments with git. Now all
the plugins are imported as submodules to ensure that you get the latest and
stable versions.
* Plugins were selected carefully and useful options were set.
* Updated Vim to latest version 7.4.227.
* Revamped .vimrc, removed redundant entries, streamlined plugin options.
* Molokai to be used as default theme.

Installation
------------
    git clone https://github.com/vivekiitkgp/Dotfiles-vim.git ~/.vim
    cd .vim
    git submodule init
    git submodule update
    git submodule foreach git submodule init
    git submodule foreach git submodule update

*Symlinks*

    ln -s ~/.vim/.vimrc ~/.vimrc
    ln -s ~/.vim/.gvimrc ~/.gvimrc

Although I do not plan to add anything new at the moment, you can see frequent
changes in the .(g)vimrc file.

Important
---------
This Vim configuration uses two plugins and a program  all of which require a little more configuration on behalf of user.
* `YouCompleteMe` plugin ( a code completion engine for
vim ) requires a compiled component. After completing steps mentioned above, please refer to [this page]
(https://github.com/Valloric/YouCompleteMe#full-installation-guide) and follow
the instructions accordingly.
* `CtrlP` plugin uses the Silver Searcher for fast rendering of results. You may wish to install it separately if you want to use that feature. Please note that in case latter is unavailable, `CtrlP` continues to work.
* If you see strange characters in status line or improper appearance then please see the [FAQs] (https://github.com/bling/vim-airline/wiki/FAQ) for the `vim-airline` plugin.

If however you do not want to use these plugins, then remove these submodules from your `git` repository and comment/remove the following section from your `.(g)vimrc` -

    let g:ycm_autoclose_preview_window_after_completion=1
    let g:ycm_confirm_extra_conf = 0
    let g:ycm_goto_buffer_command='vertical-split'
    let g:ycm_collect_identifiers_from_tags_files = 1
    let g:ycm_global_ycm_extra_conf = '~/.ycm_extra_conf.py'
    let g:airline_powerline_fonts=1
    let g:airline#extensions#tmuxline#enabled = 1
    let g:airline#extensions#tabline#enabled = 1

In order to save all this trouble, I have also added a `vimrc_stripped` file with relevant sections removed, so that you do not need an extra configuration. Please use this file directly.

Screenshot
----------
The following is a screenshot of vim in terminal (using tmux) with Python Koans file open.

![vim](koans.png "Screenshot of Vim with Python Koans file")

Feedback
--------
Feel free to drop fork, modify or suggest any changes you like.

Commit message:

Updated Readme.md with latest information
Signed-off-by: Vivek Rai <vivekraiiitkgp@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

I have completely revamped my older Vim configuration and hence I had to do a forced
push. If you were using previous repository, you may wish to have look at this
newer one. I will briefly list the changes here.

Changes
-------
* `.git` tree structure was disrupted because of my experiments with git. Now all
the plugins are imported as submodules to ensure that you get the latest and
stable versions.
* Plugins were selected carefully and useful options were set.
* Updated Vim to latest version 7.4.227.
* Revamped .vimrc, removed redundant entries, streamlined plugin options.
* Molokai to be used as default theme.

### Update on 29 June 2014
I have pushed another branch `minimal` which removes many of plugins that require more
than a little effort on the part of user who is new to vim. The branch has just
enough set of plugins to get started with a nicer interface and accordingly set
settings. Hence you have two choices, 
    1. Clone the `master` using the instructions below and checkout the
       important note **OR**
    2. Clone the `minimal` using the same instructions and get going. No further
       tweaking should be required. Feel free to add plugins and other settings
       of your own choice.

Installation
------------
If you want to fetch `master` branch :

    git clone -b master --single-branch https://github.com/vivekiitkgp/Dotfiles-vim.git ~/.vim
or if you want to fetch 'minimal' branch:

    git clone -b minimal --single-branch https://github.com/vivekiitkgp/Dotfiles-vim.git ~/.vim

    cd .vim
    git submodule init
    git submodule update
    git submodule foreach git submodule init
    git submodule foreach git submodule update

*Symlinks*

    ln -s ~/.vim/.vimrc ~/.vimrc
    ln -s ~/.vim/.gvimrc ~/.gvimrc

Although I do not plan to add anything new at the moment, you can see frequent
changes in the .(g)vimrc file.

Important
---------
## (For `master` branch)
This Vim configuration uses two plugins and a program  all of which require a little more configuration on behalf of user.
* `YouCompleteMe` plugin ( a code completion engine for
vim ) requires a compiled component. After completing steps mentioned above, please refer to [this page]
(https://github.com/Valloric/YouCompleteMe#full-installation-guide) and follow
the instructions accordingly.
* `CtrlP` plugin uses the Silver Searcher for fast rendering of results. You may wish to install it separately if you want to use that feature. Please note that in case latter is unavailable, `CtrlP` continues to work.
* If you see strange characters in status line or improper appearance then please see the [FAQs] (https://github.com/bling/vim-airline/wiki/FAQ) for the `vim-airline` plugin.

If however you do not want to use these plugins, then remove these submodules from your `git` repository and comment/remove the following section from your `.(g)vimrc` -

    let g:ycm_autoclose_preview_window_after_completion=1
    let g:ycm_confirm_extra_conf = 0
    let g:ycm_goto_buffer_command='vertical-split'
    let g:ycm_collect_identifiers_from_tags_files = 1
    let g:ycm_global_ycm_extra_conf = '~/.ycm_extra_conf.py'
    let g:airline_powerline_fonts=1
    let g:airline#extensions#tmuxline#enabled = 1
    let g:airline#extensions#tabline#enabled = 1

In order to save all this trouble, I have also added a `vimrc_stripped` file with relevant sections removed, so that you do not need an extra configuration. Please use this file directly.

## (For `minimal` branch)
* If you see strange characters in status line or improper appearance then please see the [FAQs] (https://github.com/bling/vim-airline/wiki/FAQ) for the `vim-airline` plugin.

Screenshot
----------
The following is a screenshot of vim in terminal (using tmux) with Python Koans file open.

![vim](koans.png "Screenshot of Vim with Python Koans file")

Feedback
--------
Feel free to drop fork, modify or suggest any changes you like.
